QUESTIONS:

What is the purpose of this program? Game? Strategy? – Both a game and model. 

What is the output you would like to see? All heads or all tails of wheel, amount of spins used to get to that position.  

What is the input? Amount of coins, spins, reveals. 

Interactive with the user? Yes, pick the revealed coins that user would like to turn over. Model and gameplay mode. 

Change number of coins? Want a max number of coins, CLARIFY (limitation of the array)!!!! Smallest number of coins is 1.

Change number of spins each time? Min = 1 spin  Max = unknown.  Clarify whether you can change the number of coins revealed each spin.  

Allowed to pick the coins to reveal? How many? Lock in number of reveals each spin for entire game…CLARIFY!!!!! Gameplay allows you to pick coins to reveal.

Do you have a program that will run the program? Or is this through console? Based on time; what can we give him in a certain amount of time.  Deliverables. 

All possibilities can be allowed even if it is a win before first spin.

TO DO:

Identify intended process (go as light weight as you can/ AGILE: Crystal Clear, XP, find a template for this process). 

Crystal Clear Methodology 

Set up a repo with document of requirements.


Playable demo:

Array of heads or tails values

Position in the array is the position on the wheel 

	WHEEL GAMEPLAY Setup: 
	
		Initialize the wheel 
			Get user input:
				Number of coins
				Number of spins 
		
		Display the wheel 
				Array of Heads and Tails 
	
		Spin the wheel
			Uncover coins 
			Flip coins 
			Check coins 
			Repeat 

		User Input Requirements:

			Number of coins to be used (Min = 1, limit MAX to max capacity of array)

			Number of Spins (limit max number of spins?)
			

Deliverables due 9/27 (Thurs.):

	Grow the product to be more visible in the user interface
	User interface example after entering in # of coins, reveals, spins:
				
				Wheel State: 
			
				1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 
				* T * H * * H * 
				
	Specifications: 
		
		The coins revealed will be randomized (user does not get to choose)
		User does get to choose which to flip 
		Always the same number of reveals each spin 
